And so I'm going to take this back out.
And now let's step into
our home component.
So I'm gonna just close
some of this down and
in our home component let's
look at these elements again.
It's a class.
It implements this interface.
I'll talk about this in just a moment.
And it has properties and methods.
As well as we're defining our selector,
template URL style URLs.
So you're going to see again this
pattern over and over and over.
And so now when you
are attaching [COUGH] in a way,
I want small point to
make about the opponent.
But for the most part,
from a component class standpoint,
there's really not much to say
other than when you attack or
when you have a property or
method on your class.
It is available to bind
to in your template.
And so
you'll notice here we have this course
lessons array with just
a basic object with a title.
And so, [COUGH] if we go into our HTML,
We have just a basic card here and
we're not doing anything yet.
But what I can do, and I'm just gonna
start and I'm gonna show you probably
one of my favorite debugging
tricks right out of the gates.
So if you use a pre tag, you can then use
these curly braces to bind to an object.
So in this case, It is course lessons.
I think that's it.
Let me double check.
There we go.
And then I'm gonna do a pipe and
I'm gonna do Jason.
And so what's going to happen here, it's
going to take the course lessons array,
and it's basically going to stringify and
it's just going to dump it into the page.
And so if I go back here,
refresh this, let me change my route.
So we're actually on the home component.
There we go.
And so this is really, really handy
[COUGH] ,for if you are troubleshooting,
like, I'm expecting this thing
to happen in my component or
my template, and I'm not seeing it.
Well typically the first thing that
I'll do is I'll just dump out an object.
And so we kind of went straight for the,
like let's bind to this
object in the stump out,
lemme elaborate on that
a little bit further.
[COUGH] So, I'm gonna create
another property on here and
I'm gonna call it welcome message.
And I'm gonna just go Hello workshop,
okay?
[COUGH] And now because that's a property,
I can now bind to that and
so I'll just create
an H3 tag and we'll go welcome message.
I'm gonna save this.
You'll notice here it's
now rendering in the page.
And so this is the simplest
form of binding in angular,
which is your curly brace
binding is that there's
something in your component
class that you wanna
render in your template,
and it's just a string.
So for instance,
I did have a workshop here,
but what I could do is go back into our
component and I could go title like so.
And in the title here I could
just bind to it that way,
I'll back in the code, and
you can see that it's still rendering.
So in our component class
we have properties methods
that are now available to us to then bind
to in our template and they're exposed.
[COUGH] And so,
that is the simplest form of binding,
is the curly brace binding.